Q-1 What is React Js?

=>React.js, often simply referred to as React, is a popular open-source JavaScript library used for building user interfaces, particularly single-page applications       where the user interacts with the web page dynamically without needing to reload the entire page. Developed and maintained by Facebook along with a community of        developers, React has become one of the most widely-used libraries in web development.

Q-2 What is NPM in React Js?

=> The command npm is used to download JavaScript packages from Node Package Manager, and npx is used to execute JavaScript packages downloaded this way.
   This command will download the NPM package create-react-app to a subdirectory of the current working directory named node_modules:
   1)npm install create-react-app

Q-3 What is Role of Node js in react js?

=>Remember,react renders UI Components on the frontend,while Node.js manages server-side data communication.The synergy between React js and Node.js creates a cohesive and responsive web application.

Q-4 What is CLI command in React js?

=>React has its own command-line-interface(CLI)commands.However,these CLI commands are currently only used to create a passable version of a react application using the command line.

Q-5 What is Components in React js?

=>Components are independent and reusable bits of code.They serve the same purpose as javascript functions,but works in isolation
and return HTML.Components come in two types.Class components and functional components.

Q-6  What is Header and Content Components in React Js?

Q-7 How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to install NPM and How to check version of NPM?

=> To check version of npm on windows and Linux = npm --version.
   To install React js on windows and Linux ->npx create-react-app my-react-app after completion of it.
                                            ->cd my-react-app
   To install npm on Linux -> sudo apt update
                           -> sudo apt install nodejs npm

Q-8  How to check version of React Js?

=>One can check the version of React Js in Package.json file.

Q-9 How to change in components of React Js?










